you
hey everybody
this is John basher well I know there
are a lot of two-stroke lovers out there
well Fox and FMF came together along
with Derek Howerton son of the famous
Kent Howerton the Rhinestone Cowboy and
they built a bike for MxA a lot of cool
stuff with it they did some engine
modifications adjusted the cylinders to
for higher compression you have to run
race gas nothing wrong with that you
want power in these two strokes built
for speed and built for comfort Fox
rc3 podium shock a lot of fork
modifications we're really excited to
get out on the track and ride this thing
we'll come back at the end of it and
we'll let you know what we think Thanks
let's go on Daryl echo motocross Action
Magazine where I heard reliving some
two-stroke days with kottpower themes
KTM 250 replicas bike so far wreck on
Ellen Katherine's going good we got Fox
shocks here helping us out along with
Daniel apart from FF the mother was
great it's a really full day out here we
did some thing going up with a needle a
couple clips other than that
suspensions good and we're getting our
dialed in as you can see the bike looks
pretty simple and it is simple the
engine simple and there's a significant
power increase from these simple changes
the pipe the head and some primary
tweaks is all that was implemented in
this bike and it made some big
horsepower gains